In order to setup a good experiment,
we need to split our groups
into two comparable groups.
We call these two groups the Treatment
Group and the Control Group.
A Treatment group is the collection of
units that will be getting the treatment
and will refer to these
units at treatment units.
The treatment is the change
that you're making.
It is the new thing you're testing.
In the new product introduction example,
this is the sale of the new product.
Using the example from the previous
quiz, the treatment group at their
corporate recruiting company would be
the employees that work from home.
The treatment is working from home.
For each treatment group, you need
a control group that is used a baseline
comparison for the treatment group.
In the control group,
no treatment is applied.
For our experiment,
this means that our control group
stores will not sell the new product.
These stores are referred
to as control units.
At the recruiting company,
the control group would be
the employees working in the office.
This is the control group because no
treatment or changes that applied.
In later lessons, we'll learn how to
set up treatment and control groups
based off of the design of the
experiment that makes the most sense for
the business problem
you're trying to solve.
Just like in modeling, as an analyst,
you'll have a series of variables
available to you That could or could
not be important to the experiment.
Similarly to building a model,
we'll have a target variable.
Or the variable that we're trying
to predict the outcome for.
In the new prompt introduction
experiment, the target variable is sales
because we're concerned with how the new
product introduction will affect sales.